README.md, before:

# RockPaperScissors

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

feat(): updated README + renamed data-service

README.md, after:

# Rock Paper Scissors

The game was developped by Leo Keogh.
It's currently an Alpha with no backend for proper data persistence. For now, it uses the browser's local storage for saving player scores.

Development time: 5 days

Some screen previews:

### Welcome page
![Welcome screen](src/assets/previews/welcome.jpg)

### Game board page (with Hall of Fame)
![Game board screen](src/assets/previews/game-board.jpg)
![Game board with rock screen](src/assets/previews/game-board-rock-play.jpg)


This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
